and thank you to the American
people for your incredible support for
Israel in our war against The Barbarians
of
Kamas I thank you in
English I want to thank you in Hebrew as
well
fighting who is determined
to evil
forces from one hour to
another we hear
about the stories of horror and the
stories of
Bravery stories of horror say everything
about
them and the stories of Bravery say
everything about us and this bravery
will
win Mr
secretary your visit is another tangible
example of America's unequivocal support
for
Hamas has shown itself to be an enemy of
civilization the massacring of young
people in an outdoor Music
Festival the murder of parents in front
of their children and the murder of
children in front of their
parents the burning of people
alive the
beheadings the
kidnappings of a young
boy not only
kidnapped molested hurt
attacked and the sickening
display of celebrating these Horrors the
celebration and glorification of
evil President Biden was absolutely
correct in calling this sheer
evil Hamas is
Isis and just as Isis was crushed so too
will Kamas be
crushed and Kamas should be treated
exactly the way Isis was
treated they should be spit out from the
community of
Nations no leader should meet them no
country should Harbor them and those
that do should be
sanctioned
Tony my
friend I say to you I say to all of us
there will be many difficult days
ahead but I have no doubt that the
forces of civilization will
win and the reason that's true is
because we understand what is the first
prerequisite of Victory it's what you
just said in our meeting moral
clarity this is a time a particular time
a special time that we must stand tall
proud and United against evil Tony you
are taking that stand America is taking
that
stand thank you for being here
today thank you America for standing
with Israel today tomorrow and
always
Mr Prime Minister um I'm grateful to be
back in
Israel in this incredibly difficult
moment for this nation but in fact for
the entire
world if you'll permit me
um personal
aside I come before you not only as the
United States Secretary of
state but also as a
Jew my grandfather Maurice
blinkin fled pilgrims in
Russia my
stepfather Samuel
pizar survived concentration camps aitz
doow maid
donic so prime minister I understand on
a personal
level the harrowing Echo that hamas's
massacres carry for Israeli Jews
indeed for Jews
everywhere I also come before you as a
husband and father of young
children it's impossible for me to look
at the photos of families
killed such as the mother father and
three small children
murdered as they sheltered in their home
in kubats near
Oz and not think of of my own
children this was just one of hamas's
countless acts of
Terror in a Litany of brutality and
inhumanity that yes brings to mind the
worst of
Isis babies
slaughtered bodies
desecrated young people burned alive
women
raped parents executed in front of their
children children in front of their
parents how are we even to understand
this to digest
this and yet at the same
time at the same time that we've been
shocked by the depravity of
Hamas we've also been inspired by The
Bravery of Israel
citizens the grandfather who drove over
an hour to a cubots Under Siege armed
only with a pistol and rescued his kids
and
grandkids the mother who died shielding
her teenage son with her
body giving her life to save his giving
him life for a second
time the volunteer security teams on the
kibbutzes who swiftly rallied to defend
their friends and neighbors despite
being heavily
outnumbered and
we're lifted by the remarkable
solidarity of the Israeli people
demonstrated in the long lines of people
giving blood in the hundreds of
thousands of reservists who've mobilized
some rushing home from
abroad people around the country opening
their homes to fellow citizens displaced
from the
south the people of Israel have long and
rightly prided themselves on their
self-reliance on their ability to defend
themselves even when the are stacked
against
them the message that I bring to Israel
is this you may be strong enough on your
own to defend yourself but as long as
America exists you will never ever have
to we will always be there by your
side that's the message that President
Biden delivered to the Prime Minister
from the moment this Crisis began it's
the message that I and my other
colleagues in the government have
delivered to our Israeli counterparts on
a daily even an hourly
basis it's the message that I bring with
me to our discussions today and it's
what I'll affirm when I meet with the
members of Israel's newly formed
National Emergency government we welcome
the government's creation and the unity
and resolve that it reflects across
Israel
Society we're delivering on our word
supplying ammunition interceptors to
replenish Israel's Iron Dome alongside
other defense
material for shipments of US Military
Support have already arrived in Israel
and more is on the
way as Israel's defense needs evolve we
will work with Congress to make sure
that they're met and I can tell you
there is overwhelming overwhelming
bipartisan support in our Congress for
Israel
security here in Israel and
everywhere we will reaffirm the crystal
clear warning that President Biden
issued yesterday today to any adversary
state or
non-state thinking of taking advantage
of the current crisis to attack
Israel don't the United States has
Israel's
back we've deployed the world's largest
aircraft carrier to the Eastern
Mediterranean we bolstered the presence
of us fighter aircraft in the
region we're providing other support as
well we continue working closely with
Israel to secure the release of the men
women children elderly people taken
hostage by
Hamas we're pursuing intensive diplomacy
throughout the region to prevent the
conflict from spreading and I'll be
doing that over the course of my trip in
the coming
days too often in the past leaders have
equivocated in the face of terrorist
attacks against Israel and its
people that's why we've been adamant
with all countries in the wake of these
attacks
there is no excuse there is no
justification for these
ATR you heard the Prime Minister say it
this
is this must be a moment for moral
Clarity the failure to unambiguously
condemn terrorism puts at risk not only
people in Israel but people
everywhere look at what just happened
individuals from 36 countries
killed or missing in the aftermath of
hamas's
attacks Europe Asia Africa the Americas
no region has escaped hamas's bloody
reach anyone who wants peace and Justice
must condemn hamas's reign of
terror we know Hamas doesn't represent
the Palestinian people or their
legitimate aspirations to live with
equal measures of security freedom
justice opport opportunity and dignity
we know Hamas instead of promoting the
well-being of its citizens rules
repressively and dedicates the resources
it has to Terror tunnels and
Rockets we know Hamas didn't commit its
heinous acts with the interests of
Palestinian people in
mind we know Hamas does not stand for
the future that Palestinians want for
themselves and for their
children Hamas has only one agenda to
destroy Israel and to murder
Jews no country can or would tolerate
the slaughter of its citizens or simply
return to the conditions that allowed it
to take place Israel has the right
indeed the obligation to defend itself
and to ensure that this never happens
again as the Prime Minister and I
discussed how Israel does this
matters we democracies distinguish
ourselves from from terrorists by
striving for a different standard even
when it's difficult and holding
ourselves to account when we fall short
our
Humanity the value that we place on
human life and human dignity that's what
makes us who we
are and we count them among our greatest
strength that's why it's so important to
take every possible precaution to avoid
harming civilians and that's why we
mourn the loss of every innocent life
civilians of every Faith every
nationality who've been
killed
tragically the number of innocent lives
claimed by hamas's heinous attacks
continues to rise among those we now
know that at least 25 American citizens
were killed we joined families in Israel
in the United States around the world in
mourning their immeasurable
loss nearly 15 years ago my stepfather
who I alluded to earlier Samuel
pizar came here to yadvashem to perform
the mourner's prayer that he wrote to a
company Leonard Bernstein's thirdd
Symphony
kades reflecting on the Unspeakable
Horrors that he'd endured as a boy in
the Nazi concentration
camps he
wrote that man though created in your
image and endowed with the freedom to
choose between Good and Evil
remains capable of the
worst as of the
best of hatred as of
Love Of Madness as of
Genius in this moment where evil hatred
and
Madness have once more taken so many
innocent
lives we must stand
together resolve to confront what is
worst among
Humanity with what is
best we must provide an alternative to
the vision of violence and fear nihilism
and Terror presented by
Hamas that is what the United States
will do standing with Israel working
together with its people and all those
in this region Who Remain committed to
the vision of a more
peaceful more integrated a more secure a
more prosperous Middle East thank you
very much
the United States standing with Israel
the message of support from the US
Secretary of State Anthony blinkin who's
visiting Tel Aviv today he said we will
be by your side always be by your side
to the Israeli Prime Minister after the
uh recent events the uh Hamas attack on
Israel on Saturday which was followed by
Israel declaring war on Hamas the
uh uh prime minister of Israel for his
part saying that um he thanked Americans
for their support to the people of
Israel and said he was determined to
beat the evil forces one way of or
another comparing Hamas once again to
Isis which we've heard a lot in the past
six days and said Hamas should be
treated like Isis was treated let's
bring in villain marks in Tel for us so
vill we heard there from both leaders
from Anthony blinkin and and the uh
forign prime minister of Israel he they
have met but there are more meetings I
understand between blinkin and Israeli
leaders talk to us about his schedule
and what the US is hoping to achieve
during this visit
visit well a deeply personal set of
Reflections included in that speech by
Anthony blinkin the US's top Diplomat he
will be meeting with a larger group of
Israeli officials in the coming minutes
I expect uh that will involve some
members of netanyahu's cabinet and also
subsequently a meeting with Benny Gant
the former Defense Minister who of
course has now joined an emergency
government and together with Netanyahu
and his defense minister yoab Galant
will be integral to the prosecution of
this conflict that Israel is now IM
mesed in one striking element of that
speech made very very clear by blinken
was the need for Israel to follow all
possible precautions to avoid civilian
casualties something we've unfortunately
seen several several hundreds of times
over the course of the last few days
inside Gaza I imagine that will be an
issue that the United States stays
focused on over the coming days and
weeks as I'm sure many others in the
International Community will do as well
in terms of his schedule following those
conversations with members of the
cabinet he will then be meeting with the
Israeli president isak Herzog also here
in Tel Aviv before for traveling to meet
with some family members of US citizens
who are currently either missing or kept
captive inside
Gaza okay vilim for the moment thank you
very much let's bring in our guest now
tamame carm's professor of public policy
at doha's Institute for Graduate Studies
a specialist on conflict resolution and
international Aid Tam as vill my
correspondent said there we heard a very
um personal statement from the US
Secretary of said a deeply personal
statement and very emotive language
being used by both leaders by both
Netanyahu and blinkin what do you make
of
this uh well it's good for them I mean
but for me where I see it it's a very
infer rating
speech uh that has uttered disrespect to
human value human rights uh the chance
of people to be treated equally no
single mentioning of the
1,300 civilians by large that that that
are being or were massacred in Gaza and
and the The Continuous War now and
massacring happening in Gaza total
disregard for the other side the other
Narrative of the story a speech full of
uh
misinformation uh narratives that you
cannot sub support with any evidence
heard again these things that we've been
hearing the past few days Israeli babies
legally behead but there's been no proof
of any of this information it's just
coming from Israel and the isra the
soal Guardians of democracies uh of this
beautiful Globe we live in uh cannot
prove it I would say the best way to go
leave it to the experts you have an
international court of justice bring the
court of justice let it investigate
atrocities on both sides Palestinians
are open for this the Israelis should be
open for this why not to collaborate
with an independent un body and give it
a mandate to come and investigate not
only this war everything from A to Z and
then present its report to the
International Community if the US is so
Keen about uh respecting human lives for
for everyone not for Israelis as we said
now then then go go this path he did he
did mention towards the end of his
speech uh uh blinkin that civilian lives
had to be uh preserved on both sides
briefly mentioning the Palestinian like
sidebar exactly that we're not we're
marginal we're very marginal for them um
secondly I'm not surprised from the
speech uh and the way it it it was
delivered it's an uh it's it's an
elections year in the US you have the
Democrats who have uh we're dealing with
many challenges internally with a rising
uh Republican Party Party Trump is back
on the stage he's his rankings are high
uh to be honest I failed also approach
for Ukraine they have a crisis in Taiwan
so the Democrats now this is their
chance their chance is to become more
Israelis than the Israelis and to go
after the
Israeli electorate and voters in the US
to get their support so I also I could
link this to that it's it's but but in
total in total it's so depressing it's
so inhumane and I think if there is any
legitimacy left to the US in this region
after this speech I think it's totally
eroded I know Arab countries Arab
regimes government they're silent we
know the reality but on the popular
level the street when you talk when you
use this speech when you talk this
language when you disregard the other
totally and you uh you just spread lies
and misinformation without any
evidence people will have a moral stand
and at end at some point this will
materialize into something bigger even
so this is not peace building this is
not conflict resolution this is just
increasing hatred more Wars more
conflicts and it's it's it's just ugly
and it's in inhumane so just to look at
this from one side yeah t we also heard
from the Israeli Prime Minister about
what might come next he said very vague
again about what the plan is going
forward for Israel he did say however
that the next few days are going to be
very difficult what are you expecting in
terms of Israel's ongoing response they
said they want to crush Hamas to root
out Hamas from Gaza is that something
that's achievable today uh as we talk I
mean if I mean Gaza is already
experiencing It's Going Through Hell
literally I mean literally now so I I
don't know what more can they inflict on
Gaza the entire strip is being whipped
out uh massive casualties yes ground
through ground sending like you know
ground troops to invade Gaza of course
it's it's possibly they will do it uh to
what extent again it's more or less
there is some vagueness level of
vagueness that we don't hear a clear
message a clear goal on what what's the
future of Gaza is it toppling Hamas or
is it weakening Hamas to an extent that
it will never raise up its head again
and it will be so overwhelmed with a
devastated uh marginalized Gaza for the
last for for the next coming 50 years I
really don't know what's what's what's
the deal and I and the deal for sure
involves Regional part
right the Saudis are there theatis are
there the Egyptians are there they're
very key player and whatever's whatever
is going to happen in Gaza it will
affect them and and and we hear that the
Egyptians also are not very uh satisfied
or happy with what they hear from the
Israelis and they have serious concerns
right so it's again I think now at this
point netan is talking to his people he
has a very angry Israeli society that uh
and this speech and this language and
this emotions serves this purpose it's
just more or less like you know uh
bringing bringing the society back and U
and and trying to project leadership in
times of Crisis but he's weak he's done
he's done it's just opion poll today of
Israelis who thought at least 56% of
Israelis think that he should resign and
have criticized his mishandling o of
this crisis and the Palestinian issue
overall you talked about the region and
I do want to talk about the regional
Dimension because we're getting some
lines coming in just now that Israel has
struck Damascus and Aleppo airports this
is quite worrying it's quite concerning
because we've already seen some movement
on the northern border with Lebanon and
now also uh it would seem Syria how how
high is this threat today of a regional
contagion it's it's very high but and
and and it's hard to predict if if this
will evolve into a regional war or it
will just remain focused on Gaza it if
it remains focused in Gaza Gaza will
will U uh uh Gaza will pay the highest
price for sure if it turns into a
regional War I can assure you this
speech will totally change the one we he
now if hisbah enters the game Syria
supported by Iran that's again I think
it's an Iranian decision to give U to to
decide whether to give a green light to
hisbah and Sy to hit back or not but if
this happens then the entire narrative
and discourse will change because it
will not be about
beheading kids this misinformation or
Isis or whatever then it will be the the
region versus Israel and we will see new
discourse of politics so but at this
stage we don't know it's we don't know
certainly a very concerning situation
Tam Caro thank you very much for the
moment